hello you dear welcome to
the isar
I have this video only for the sake of
nicole zdk it pine and world of queen
The four have been created
I really wanted that
finally a review about this
lancome green tone mache so yes stands
all the time around here I use
Every day and there are very many
I have come now
I decided to shoot the video first
Let me take a look at this beautiful one
bottle or the woman never
So tell in here are 40
milliliters included
that is riem ton number two for the
middle skin type and there are of this
drink three pieces so first so that
Number one is the lighter skin type
Number two is the middle skin type and
Number three is the darker skin type
while darker than me, so to speak
should only choose three and who lighter
when i am green thom number should
One is missing so I'm really short
what is that exactly it is very very
expensive
I'll do it again anyway
buy it costs so and at 89 euros
is really the bang, but maybe
can you do that now for christmas
so those who want mine
they have to have what causes them
miracle cream so it's one
complete care you do not have to
necessarily after a face cream
So without dividing that does not have to
Be it to yourself
but you can wear it, for example
after that
one more is enough for me
is very productive a point push
enough for this for the whole face
at least with me I have dry ones
skin but still distributed
very good I can give you the same
Again, everyone can show that for
to judge myself the best I say
not now because I'm somehow arrogant
and I'm conceited but you know
I am a very natural person and
this product manages it, so to speak
two to four or five weeks that
face so that you neither
nor powder still needs at all yet
something the facial skin is totally
even and you will see more
time you do not need any powder
more and I think that one the
facial skin is really even
It is worth it but it is quite expensive
I want it as I said on each
buy a case and I'll show you
again, the consistency so if you do that
it works very well then and then needs
her only one point kick that's enough for
I can do my whole face now
see well
that is enough for my whole face and
I love it I am wearing now too
Immediately striking I say anyway
nothing on it and it smells beautiful
spreads so well and I can tell everyone
recommend
you can also be on the country side
like to order a tester or ask
but just at douglas or in
your favorite perfumery for us
can not get a pattern from it
I think that is certainly possible around
first check if we can do that
Anyway, and many ask me
whatever used for care like
some of your face and so on
of course, the unification is the a and o
or plays a very big role
But the care is very, very, very
important I hope you love that's enough
you because you wanted a detailed
Video
Many have said that is so expensive and
I dare not buy that or
someone wrote
I do not know whether another one of
is silly and if that is really worth it
to buy that
So I report from my positive
experiences about this product
not how much in there is me
believe such a piece is still there in the
is really very productive and I hope
the video as I said I repeat myself
again and again has helped you
Thank you for watching me over
delighted a thumbs up
This is simply a pure information
video until next time
from